I’m writing to recommend Xiaomeng Wu for the Ph.D. program of Neuroscience, 
and feeling obliged to introduce this potential student from my perspective.
Xiaomeng reached out to me after she successfully passed the paper-test round of the National Entrance Examination for Postgraduate for 2016 Fall. 
I was impressed by her smart talking and the way, both intuitively and reasonably, 
she perceives and thinks about certain questions during our conversation. However, due to the lack of slot, 
I offered her a job to work in my lab and asked her to take care of administration matters, try everything she’s interested in the lab, 
and hopefully to grab a concept of doing cognitive neuroscience research. 

I was glad to find that she was getting along with everybody in the lab 
and even got herself involved in a data-gathering collaboration across labs after a few months. 
I believe this achievement has demonstrated and revealed her agreeable character and willingness to take responsibility in a collective endeavor. 
She was responsible for doing the experiments of our part at first. Every time after the experiment, she wrote reports at length, 
including details that she thought should be improved. Soon she was recognized by the professor who takes charge of the whole project, 
and was asked to deputed for arranging the agenda several times, obviously trusted in her capability.

As for the projects in our own lab, she tried her best to learn and help, and she has proved herself a fast learner. 
For example, knowing that she had not read English papers before, 
I assigned her to one of her colleagues to assist in the development of some cognitive tasks, 
which requires searching and reading for certain information. Before long, she read constantly and became able to present in the lab seminar. 
Still, she went beyond that. During the one-year period, Xiaomeng has participated in various projects and performed all kinds of experiments, 
from EcoG to fMRI. And as far as I know, things were nicely done.

I'm convinced that Xiaomeng is determined to pursue her academic achievement. 
I recommend her to your program and believe that she can make it an excellent student if given the opportunity.  
